update concepts docs (#10318)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/sentry-basics/index.mdx

---
title: An Intro to Sentry
sidebar_order: 10

> description: "Check out our recommendations for getting the most out of Sentry."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn about our recommendations for getting the most out of Sentry."
```
I think check out is less friendly for native speakers
